hi you might not know who I am but my
name is Jesus Jesus Christ of Nazareth
of Mary of God son of God porn in a
brown wooden major porn with my mother's
eyes
my mother's brown eyes with skin of
bronze that means brown with hair wool
that means nappy Jesus whose father
begot the world whose mother began him
without the seed of an earthly man whose
father plans at the last scene of Eden
inside a girl who had him an interview
as it's like a kingdom whose husband had
a cried out for God in there yet yeah
that Jesus who is see I've heard rumor
I've heard even walking around bear my
cross I've seen the pictures eyes blue
as a man that dies and stays dead skin
white as his bone wants the flesh
cascades off hair long blond and
straight as the people that pierced fear
and nail into the light of this world me
what kind of martyr are you I died for
this planet you died of our a chance to
plaster the face of Europe there's the
land that destroyed it on the body that
saved in my blood did not run so it
could be bleached away I'm the stain of
heaven on everyone's soul God's under
the water runner the healer much realer
than you could ever be the scapegoat the
original black sheep those popular lynch
victim of all time my color is no
coincidence because I had to be black to
save you all from your own darkness even
you white boy when I rose up it was
never meant for anybody to lie in my
place so you tell me when you saw the
rock move did you wait at the mouth of
the cave for the painter to show up did
you find all the pictures of me and
smear them with glue you know people
conquer the world and my father's name
without asking did you cover me and the
height of some dead King to hide the
ugly secret of your savior underneath
the flesh of the one that you really
worship Jesus we can call you that
simply asking you to rub the white out
off all those photos of you show them to
me underneath all that shows them that
the rule can be born and reborn and the
body of the darkest continent show them
that salvation don't always come in the
light correct yourself
I'll be your own Messiah pass on until
your cold
to resurrect then you can walk in my
souls cuz I did not die so that you
could die me
you